W-13659222-default-route-limitation (#135)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ps-manage.adoc

When you create a new private space, you can remove the default routes that MuleSoft provides. However, when you change the default route, your private space might experience downtime. If the *X* icon doesn't appear for a route, you can't remove it. 

> You cannot remove the MuleSoft-defined routes for existing private spaces created before March 9, 2023. You must create and configure a new private space to remove the default routes that MuleSoft defines. MuleSoft defines other routes, such as control plane traffic routes, that you cannot view or remove from the route table. Note that Anypoint MQ, Object Store v2, and API Manager require internet access from your network. 

Author: ```suggestion
You cannot remove the MuleSoft-defined routes for existing private spaces created before March 9, 2023. You must create and configure a new private space to remove the default routes that MuleSoft defines. MuleSoft defines other routes, such as control plane traffic routes, that you cannot view or remove from the route table. Note that Anypoint MQ, ObjectStore v2, and API Manager require internet access from your network. 
```
